feat(curriculum): add password generator project to Python curriculum (#52444)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-regular-expressions-by-building-a-password-generator/65648f4b2281ba50051ae39c.md

---
id: 65648f4b2281ba50051ae39c
title: Step 17
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-17
---

# --description--

> Next, create a `for` loop. Use the `range()` function to iterate up to the `length` value and `i` as the iterating variable. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, write a `for` loop with `i` as the loop variable. Use the `range()` function to iterate up to the value of the `length`.
```

> Inside the loop, use the addition assignment operator to add a random character from `all_characters` to the current value of `password`. Use the `choice` function from the `secrets` module for that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside the loop, use the addition assignment operator to add a random character from `all_characters` to the current value of `password`. Use the `choice()` function from the `secrets` module for that.
```

# --hints--

> You should create a `for` loop that iterates over `range(length)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should write a `for` loop that iterates over `range(length)`.
```
